>> Mike North: Two more concepts
I wanna teach you before we
jump into the next exercise.
So, these are Access Modifier Keywords.
These can be used with member data or
member functions on a class.
And these mean the same things that they
mean in other programming languages.
By default, everything is public, right?
Meaning that if I create an instance
of account, I can access account ID,
and I could, even if we had no
access modifier keywords here.
I could say new account and then,
if I did A equals new account,
I could do A dot account ID and
I'd get the value back out.
Protected means that only Account and
subclasses of Account
can access that data.
So, you can see that email for this
SharedAccount, whatever that means, and
the setEmail string,
it is free to use this protected value.
Private means only Account can have
access to it, only that class,
subclasses don't even get to see it.
>> Mike North: There
are two other modifier keywords, one we've
seen already, which is static, and another
which we'll see a little bit of tomorrow
and I'll clue you into it, read only.
So if you say read only it protected
email string or something like that now,
once it is set, it’s effectively like a.
>> Student: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Mike North: Pardon?
>> Student: [INAUDIBLE] do get length or
whatever?
>> Mike North: So, the difference there is
if you only have an accessor
a mutation will have no effect.
So you can attempt an assignment.
>> Student: Okay.
>> Mike North: And it'll be like okay,
sure, whatever.
And no value will be changed.
Now, if you use an object like
a property descriptor, right?
It's like object.define property and
there's an ability to set on the property
descriptor a read only attribute.
And there you would end up with a run
time error if you ever try to write that
thing.
>> Mike North: And
that's what this read
only means by the way.